When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

    1. For security against loss.
    2. To collaborate with others.
    3. As a way of publishing your work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If you are working on a project with collaborators, it would be a real shame
    if their automatic update pulled to your local computer and eliminated the
    work you had been doing!

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Clones are duplicates of a repository, either two on a local computer, or
    a clone made via the network.
    A branch is the creation of a new pointer pointing to a commit. It is used
    to try out another line of development on a project, with the possible
    goal of mergine it later.
    A "fork" is a specifically GitHub concept that means making a clone from
    one GitHub repository to another GitHub repository. You could do this when
    grabbing someone's code on GitHub and changing it.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This allows you to keep track of potential conflicts with collaborators,
    by letting you know how far back you may have diverged.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I'd have to send files back and forth using dropbox or something of that
    sort. The automatic changes would be awkward when collaborating, but if I am
    working by myself, at least I wouldn't have to remember to push the commits.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    If the public master is something that people depend on for stability and
    functionality, I should try things out in a branch rather than acting on
    it directly.
    Different branches for different changes would make sense, so teams could
    work on independent aspects.
    Working directly on master means you can't get confused by too many branches,
    or have a great deal of difficulty later in merging branches back together.